Add standalone script to retrieve HPC cluster name (#93)
CCBR/Tools: CHANGELOG.md

## Tools development version

> - add standalone script to retrieve HPC cluster name (#92, @kopardev)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add standalone script to retrieve HPC cluster name. (#93, @kopardev)
- `module_list` now retrieves the full module version. (#93, @kopardev)
```
